Add more details on credential runtime params (#818)
datarobot/datarobot-user-models: custom_model_runner/README.md

```

> During testing and debug in a local development environment, the user can write the runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During testing and debugging in a local development environment, the user can write the runtime
```

parameter values into a YAML file and provide it as an input to the `drum` utility. The YAML file
can have any name ending with .yaml and should follow the example layout below:

```
URL_PARAM_1: http://any-desired-location/
AWS_CRED_PARAM_1:
    # See the REST API documentation for details on all supported credential types:
    #     https://docs.datarobot.com/en/docs/api/reference/public-api/credentials.html#properties_3
    credentialType: s3
    awsAccessKeyId: ABDEFGHIJK...
    awsSecretAccessKey: asdjDFSDJafslkjsdDLKGDSDlkjlkj...
    awsSessionToken: null
```

> For credential type params, the value matches the payload of the Credentials REST API.
> A more complete example can be found [here](https://github.com/datarobot/datarobot-user-models/blob/master/model_templates/python3_sklearn_runtime_params/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For credential type parameters, the value matches the Credentials REST API payload.
For a complete example, see the following [model template with runtime parameters](https://github.com/datarobot/datarobot-user-models/blob/master/model_templates/python3_sklearn_runtime_params/README.md).
```
